---
title: "Week 10 - Implementing Live video camera"
excerpt: "Adding GUI Interface with Menu"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"


#toc: true
#toc_label: "TOC installation"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- Video
- Prediction
- GUI
tags:
- interfaz
- cv2
- Prediction
- GUI
- week 11

author: Álvaro Martín Menacho
pinned: false
---

# Make things easier with GUI

Hello all!

I have been working in a interface that guides the user to use the images predictor.

All the code can be found in https://github.com/RoboticsLabURJC/2020-tfg-alvaro-martin/tree/main/Main%20Program

It allows the user to choose between Live camera or Recorded Video.

  - First option can use the camera of our laptop/pc or a usb webcam attached to
    get predictions in the moment, of a ball going from the left to the right of view.

  - The Recorded Video selection it's about chosing a video file from the local disk
    and analize it.

Currently it needs to be with a green background and a orange ball.

This is how it looks:

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/logbook/week11/Cap0.png" alt="Cap0" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/logbook/week11/Cap1.png" alt="Cap1" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/logbook/week11/Cap2.png" alt="Cap2" %}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/logbook/week11/Cap3.png" alt="Cap3" %}

Also the predictions are not working propertly so I need to improve our generated images used to train other Network.
Extrating the values of X,Y axis from the video recordered I have been using to test the current code, the similarity are not exactly the same as modeled/raw values used to train the LSTM model.

Talking with Inma and Jose María we decided that is better to include a new vlue to the model, witch is the nº of the frame itself.
It start with the first frame when the ball enter in the scene and we can get a centroid.
And finish when the ball disapear from the scene.


Changes to this preferences will be add in the next steps.
